Fix peering terms and process (#2622)
astronomer/docs: astro/connect-aws.md

#### Setup

> 1. In the Cloud UI, click on the Astronomer icon in the top left corner, go to the **Clusters** tab and copy the **ID** for your Astro cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Cloud UI, click the name of your Workspace in the upper left corner of the Cloud UI, then click **Organization Settings** > **Clusters*. Open your cluster from the table that appears and copy its **ID**.
```

> 2. In your AWS console, [create a resource share in AWS RAM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ram/latest/userguide/working-with-sharing-create.html). Then, copy the ID of your existing transit gateway.

Author: add that it is the same acount where your TGW resides today

> 2. Go to your AWS console, and copy the ID of your existing transit gateway (TGW). Then, [create a resource share in AWS RAM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ram/latest/userguide/working-with-sharing-create.html) and [follow the AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-transit-gateways.html#tgw-sharing) to share the TGW with the Astro AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your AWS console, copy the ID of your existing transit gateway (TGW). Then, [create a resource share in AWS RAM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ram/latest/userguide/working-with-sharing-create.html) and [share the TGW with your Organization's Astro AWS account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-transit-gateways.html#tgw-sharing).
```
Its the AWS account for the Org, not the cluster right? Where do they find the ID to specify?

Also, where do they need to specify the TGW ID? If they just need it for the Astro support team, we should split this into a second step.

> 3. Contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support) and provide the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support) and provide the following information:
```

>     - Cluster **ID** from step 1
>     - Your transit gateway ID from step 2.
>     - Your CIDR block for the target VPC or on-premises network that you want to connect your Astro cluster with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Your cluster **ID** from Step 1.
    - Your TGW ID from Step 2.
    - The CIDR block for the target VPC or on-premises network that you want to connect your Astro cluster with.
```

>     Then, Astronomer support approves the resource sharing request, attaches the Astro private subnets to your transit gateway, and creates routes in the Astro route tables to your transit gateway for each of the CIDR provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Astronomer support approves the resource sharing request, attaches the Astro private subnets to your transit gateway, and creates routes in the Astro route tables to your transit gateway for each of the CIDRs provided.
```

Reviewer: Great description

> 4. After you receive confirmation from Asronomer support with the Astro CIDR, you can [create back routes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html#tgw-peering-add-route) from the transit gateway to the Astro VPC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. After you receive confirmation from Astronomer support with the Astro CIDR, you can [create back routes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html#tgw-peering-add-route) from the transit gateway to the Astro VPC.
```

> 4. After you receive confirmation from Astronomer support with the Astro CIDR, you can [create back routes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html#tgw-peering-add-route) from the transit gateway to the Astro VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After you receive confirmation from Astronomer support, [create back routes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html#tgw-peering-add-route) from the transit gateway to the Astro VPC.
```

Author: Astronomer support will provide the Astro CIDR, so we need to include that. let me try to reframe the sentence.

> 6. Contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support) to confirm that you have created the static route. Astronomer support will then test the connection and confirm.
> 
> 7. (Optional) Repeat the steps for each Astro cluster that you want to connect to your transit gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support) to confirm that you have created the static route. Astronomer support then tests the connection and confirm.

6. (Optional) Repeat the steps for each Astro cluster that you want to connect to your transit gateway.
```

#### Setup

1. In the Cloud UI, click the name of your Workspace in the upper left corner of the Cloud UI, then click **Organization Settings** > **Clusters*. Open your cluster from the table that appears and copy its **ID**.
2. In your AWS console, copy the ID of your existing transit gateway (TGW). 

> 3. [Create a resource share in AWS RAM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ram/latest/userguide/working-with-sharing-create.html) and [share the TGW with your cluster's Astro AWS account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-transit-gateways.html#tgw-sharing). If you do not have your Astro AWS Account, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Create a resource share in AWS RAM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ram/latest/userguide/working-with-sharing-create.html) and [share the TGW with your cluster's Astro AWS account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-transit-gateways.html#tgw-sharing). 

    To find your cluster's AWS account ID in the Cloud UI, click the name of your Workspace in the upper left corner, click **Organization Settings**, then click **Clusters**. Open your cluster and copy its **Account ID**.
```

Reviewer: Feel free to amend if this is not correct

Author: @jwitz unfortunately, Account ID is not visible in the Cloud UI. 
<img width="713" alt="Screenshot 2023-08-09 at 9 09 54 PM" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/75730393/fbacfc6c-56c5-420a-8ec4-65256cb406da">

Reviewer: Oh my mistake, you can see it on Hybrid but not on Hosted.
![Screenshot 2023-08-10 at 11 05 26 AM](https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/74574233/6d4d43eb-bedd-4479-9bf0-07a9596e6a0f)

Updated my suggestion to reflect this

3. Contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support) and provide the following information:

    - Your cluster **ID** from Step 1.
    - Your TGW ID from Step 2.
    - The CIDR block for the target VPC or on-premises network that you want to connect your Astro cluster with.

    Astronomer support approves the resource sharing request, attaches the Astro private subnets to your transit gateway, and creates routes in the Astro route tables to your transit gateway for each of the CIDR provided. Astronomer support notifies you about the process completion and provides you with the Astro CIDRs.

> 4. After you receive the confirmation from Astronomer support, you can [create back routes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html#tgw-peering-add-route) from the transit gateway to the Astro VPC.
> 
> 5. Contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support) to confirm that you have created the static route. Astronomer support then tests the connection and confirm.
> 
> 6. (Optional) Repeat the steps for each Astro cluster that you want to connect to your transit gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After you receive the confirmation from Astronomer support, you can [create back routes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html#tgw-peering-add-route) from the transit gateway to the Astro VPC.

6. Contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support) to confirm that you have created the static route. Astronomer support then tests the connection and confirm.

7. (Optional) Repeat the steps for each Astro cluster that you want to connect to your transit gateway.
```
